housereadme_FINAL.txt

the house is now clean. this is the benchmark. it does not have to stay absolutely spotless but we need to keep it as close to this as we can. 

we are ALL guilty of making the house messy, it's inevitable because there's 5 of us that live here but im gonna outline the shit that needs to happen and why the house gets messy. no one likes it when it is and it makes us all grumpy so if you dont stick to what im about to say i will be shitting in peoples rooms.

the main issue is people leaving stuff around; the lounge is okay to have some peoples stuff in but there was quite a lot of stuff in there just sitting around doing nothing, try and concentrate your own personal stuff to your rooms 

we need to keep the sides clean, if there's crumbs or anything from your food on the side i have left wipes in the kitchen so you can just take one and clean up. same goes for the hob; if you dont you are a cunt and i refer to my previous comment vis a vis shit on your pillow

put stuff back where you got it from. pots and pans need to go into the dishwasher and if it's on then you set a timer for an hour and come back and do the dishwasher, a rota wont work so the rule is now if you needed to use it and it's full/on then YOU NEED TO EMPTY IT. i will be upping the ante from shitting on your pillows to shitting in your rigs if this doesn't get done. 

leave the lounge how you found it if you're using it in the evening, doesnt have to be down to the inch but just put the cushions back where you found them etc 

extra brownie points: 

you cable manage your shit if you're leaving something plugged in, keep it tidy because i'm 6"4 and i cant see that far down. cables on the floor are very dangerous for a man like me my toes get caught and do you really want to send me to a&e (the answer is no)

put remotes on the table by the sofa after you use them because they're an arse to find, 3 of us wear glasses and can't see anyway so making us or anyone look for the remotes is actually ableist make sure you're on the right side of history
